💻 10 Interview Questions asked in Most Interviews(with Answers) :-




1.Tell me about yourself.


Describe the key experiences in your career that qualify you for the position. Avoid disclosing age or going too far back in your history, and keep it focused on your professional life.




2.Why are you interested in our company?


Before your interview, browse the company's website and social media pages as well as any news articles or company reviews. Share what interests you about the company’s products, services, culture, or values




3.Why are you interested in this position?


Review the job description and identify several responsibilities or factors that attract you to the role. 




4.What are your strengths?


Read through the job description to see what skills the company wants to see in a candidate. Match 2-3 of those skills with specific examples of how you’ve demonstrated that skill successfully in the past.




5.What are your weaknesses?


Share one trait that doesn’t affect your ability to do the core responsibilities of your job but that could use improvement. Describe your awareness of the trait and how you manage it or intend to improve upon it. 




6.Why should we hire you over other qualified candidates?


Consider the unique experiences you have that may stand out to an employer. This could be specific industry knowledge, experience working in a similar environment, or training in a certain skill area. Also, consider the skills that make you stand out as an employee.




7.Where do you see yourself in 5 years? 


Outlining a few key areas that you feel are interesting, achievable and relevant to the role can provide sufficient information for the employer while also communicating that you’re flexible about the future.




8.Tell me about a time you failed. 


When choosing an instance of failure to discuss, think hard about the outcome of the failure and whether it will boost your chances of getting the job. Choose a story that highlights some of your key qualities relevant to the position you are applying to. 




9.What are your salary expectations? 


Prospective employers may ask you about your salary expectations at any stage during the hiring process. Your selection for a job depends on how well your expectations match what the company is willing to offer. Researching the average salary for your position and experience can help you come up with a realistic figure and have an informed discussion with the recruiter.




10.What questions do you have for us? 


When asked, by asking thoughtful questions in turn, this gives you the opportunity to not only learn more about the role and company if you still have questions, but it also lets you leave a strong impression with your interviewer. Asking questions lets them know, once more, of your interest in the job and how you can help, if hired.